Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(OPENING THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(WIND CHIME RATTLING)
Now. don't eat it until I say "Go."
All right.
-One.
-(CHOMPS)
DUG: So good.
-Try again.
-DUG: Yes.
Wait until "Go"...
DUG: Mmm!
It's official. You really don't teach
old dogs new tricks.
-(PHONE RINGS)
-DUG: I am old?
I have no idea.
Fredricksen residence.
Oh. hello. Miss Meyer!
The senior center is gonna adopt
all of Muntz's dogs?
(CHUCKLES) Thank you so much!
DUG: Dawgs.
You adopted one. too?
And your dog wants to talk to my dog?
Uh. hang on.
Come here. Dug.
ALPHA: Hello. Hello?
Dug. are you there? Come in. Dug.
DUG: Alpha?
ALPHA:
This is Beta. You are Alpha!
Do you not remember this
which I am telling you now?
-DUG: Oh. that is right. I am Alpha.
-(GROANS)
DUG:
Do you like living in a house now?
ALPHA:
Oh. yes! I love my Toys-for-dogs!
-(TOY SQUEAKS)
-ALPHA: This one is a little cow!
(ALPHA LAUGHS)
There is much fun
to be had and... Squirrel!
DUG: Squirrel? Squirrel!
Where is the Squirrel?
-(BARKS)
-ALPHA: Bye. Dug!
I'm back.
They do keep you on your toes.
What's that?
Oh!
Okay.
Uh-huh. Sure.
Well. thanks again.
Bye now!
Oh. no. no. no. no. This is not good.
DUG: What? What is not good?
This is very. very bad.
DUG: What? What is it?
Very bad.
DUG: I feel so bad for you! (HOWLS)
It's... It's Miss Meyer.
Miss Meyer was mean
to my Poppa. (HOWLING)
-From the phone call?
-DUG: She was mean on the phone.
-She likes me.
-DUG: And she likes you? Huh?
And wants to go out on a date.
With me!
And I said okay.
Can you believe it?
DUG: I do not know these words.
How could I do such a thing? (GASPS)
I'm sorry. Ellie.
DUG: Poppa. what is a date?
Well. we go out.
You know. hold hands. pitch woo.
Woo?
Like. playing at the dog park with Fifi.
DUG: Oh!
I don't know how to date.
DUG: Since you are my Poppa.
may I call her my momma?
Please refrain.
Do I shake her hand when I see her?
What do I do?
DUG: Just smell her backward side.
What?
DUG: Smell her backward side.
Then she will do the same.
It is how you say hello.
Disgusting!
I'm a person. you know?
DUG: Oh. I am just a dawg.
All right. I'll think about it.
-DUG: No. That is fine.
-Dug!
DUG:
Humans should be more like a dawg.
Well. what would a dog do?
DUG: I would bring her a toy.
She would wag her tail.
Mmm-hmm.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah. okay!
I gotta go to the store.
(GROANS)
Wallet.
Ah. phooey.
Keys.
Aw! Other way.
DUG: I think Poppa needs to go to the vet.
(CHOMPING)
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
Poppa is back.
Poppa?
Uh. Poppa?
They're. uh. fun. right?
DUG: Uh...
I am a dawg.
Fun is digging in the dirt
and destroying your flowers.
(GASPS) Flowers!
There's so much to do.
DUG: This is not fun at all.
DUG: Oh! Too much smell!
What? It's a cologne.
DUG: It made my nose get dead.
(SCREAMING)
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
One. two. three. Two. two. three.
-DUG: I have no idea what is happening.
-One. two. three.
Oh. yes. The economy is on the rise. yeah.
-Would you agree?
-DUG: And what do I say?
Anything!
A new town swimming pool?
Great idea.
DUG: I like bugs.
Yes. it does look like
a cold front is coming in.
DUG: I chew on your shoes.
(LAUGHS)
You are so witty. (LAUGHS)
DUG: I like to roll in poo.
(GROWLS)
DUG: Get out of here you intruder!
Dug! Dug. it's me!
(EXCLAIMS)
Is it too much?
DUG: You do not look like you.
I know.
DUG: You do not smell like you.
Yeah.
DUG: Why are you not you?
This is crazy. I'm not going.
-DUG: No. I will not let you!
-Yes. I must.
Why do you care?
DUG: I do not want you to be sad!
Sit. Poppa!
(GRUNTS)
You will act like a dawg. not a human.
You will bring her a toy
and when you see her.
you wag your tail.
and say.
"I have just met you and I love you!"
You are my Poppa. and I love you.
and she will love you.
(SIGHS)
Thanks. Dug.
This is it.
Think I got everything.
'Night. Dug.
DUG: Good night. Poppa.
I will go. too.
One more thing.
Hope you don't mind. Ellie.
I guess this is a new kind
of adventure for both of us.
I promise I'll be back by 10:00.
11:00. at the latest.
Dug is my chaperone.
He won't let me pitch any woo.
And...
Just know...
You'll always be my girl.
DUG: Other way.
(CLOSING THEME MUSIC PLAYING)